docs: :memo: update CRAN comments for v0.14.1 release (#334)
dp-next/registers2parquet: cran-comments.md

## R CMD check results

0 errors | 0 warnings | 1 note

❯ checking CRAN incoming feasibility... [4s/53s] NOTE Maintainer: ‘Signe
Kirk Brødbæk <signekb@clin.au.dk>’

  Days since last update: 5

> This release fixes bugs identified, when we used the package on large

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release fixes critical bugs we found when we used the package on very large
```
